# Background
Willis Towers Watson (WTWL) is a global advisory, broking, and solutions company. They provide a range of services related to risk management, insurance, and human resources. Willis Towers Watson stock price forecast for February-March 2025 period using ARIMA will use Willis Towers Watson stock price data for November 2024-January 2025 period. This case study focuses on the Willis Tower Watsons stock price prediction for February-March 2025.

# Preprocessing
The first to do is to do a data preprocessing. First, import the data. After that, calculate the descriptive statistics in the data. Based on the statistics descriptive, the highest is 332.5 which is in December 4th 2024, the lowest is 299.3 which is in November 1st 2024, and the average is 314.2. Next, create a time series plot.

# Variance and Mean Stationary
After do data preprocessing, the next step is to check data's variance and mean stationary. If the data is not variance and mean stationary, then the data must be transformed and differenced. The data's variance stationary is checked with the Box-Cox test while the data's mean stationary is checked with the ADF test. Based on the Box-Cox test, the Box-Cox value is not around 1, which means the data is not variance stationary, so the data is transformed with the Box-Cox value. After that, test the mean stationary with ADF test. Based on the p-value in the ADF test, the data is not mean stationary, so the data is differenced.

# ARIMA
After checking the variance and mean stationary, the next step is to create an ARIMA model. The first step is to determine the ARIMA order with EACF plot. Based on the EACF plot, 15 ARIMA models were created, consisting of ARIMA(0,1,2), ARIMA(0,1,3), ARIMA(2,1,0), ARIMA(2,1,1), ARIMA(2,1,2), ARIMA(1,1,0), ARIMA(3,1,0), ARIMA(4,1,0), ARIMA(5,1,0), ARIMA(6,1,0), ARIMA(7,1,0), ARIMA(8,1,0), ARIMA(9,1,0), ARIMA(10,1,0), and ARIMA(11,1,0). After that, test the ARIMA model coefficient. Based on the ARIMA model coefficient, there are two models which are significant in terms of coefficient, Which are ARIMA(0,1,2) and ARIMA(2,1,0). After that, test the error autocorrelation with LJung-Box Test. Based on the p-value on LJung-Box test's results, these two models don't have any autocorrelation in the errors. Next, test the normal distribution of the models with the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. Based on the p-value on Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, the models' error are not normally distributed, so, the error must be transformed with inverse cosine version of the squared errors. After that, choose the best model by looking the smallest AIC value. The best ARIMA model is ARIMA(0,1,2) with AIC value of 246.49.

# Forecast
After choose the best ARIMA model which is ARIMA(0,1,2), forecast the data for February-March 2025 period.

# Insight
Willis Tower Watson for the February-March 2025 period is predicted to have a share price of between 314.0699 and 314.4843. Based on the ARIMA models created, variations in the autoregressive (AR) component, particularly up to an AR order of 11, were explored while maintaining a differencing order of 1.  This suggests that past share price movements, specifically up to 11 periods prior, play a significant role in forecasting future prices.  The relatively narrow range of the predicted price indicates a degree of stability in the forecast for this period.  Therefore, investors can have a reasonable expectation of the share price remaining within this range, allowing for informed decision-making regarding buying or selling Willis Tower Watson stock.  Further analysis of the selected ARIMA model's diagnostics, such as residual analysis and information criteria, would be beneficial to confirm the model's adequacy and refine the forecast.
